Add documentation for live patching systemVMs (#267)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/upgrading/upgrade/_sysvm_restart.rst

.. sub-section included in upgrade notes.

.. note::

   From Apache CloudStack version 4.17.0 onward, there is support to live patch 
   systemVMs, namely, SSVM, CPVM, Routers. Live patching provides support 
   for zero-downtime upgrades, wherein, the SystemVM software is updated to the
   latest code version without having to destroy and recreate them / restart them.

>    With this feature, users will have a choice wherein they can use the existing systemVM template with the latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   With this feature, users will have a choice wherein they can use the existing System VM template with the latest
```

Reviewer: (comment being, use consist terms - either systemvm or SystemVM or System VM or system-vm

   software by using the live patch feature, or can follow the usual workflow of restarting the
   systemVM to use the latest systemVM template. Live Patching systemVMs serves to be especially
   useful in cases when the code version has upgraded but the template hasn't. In such a scenario users

>    will no longer need to restart the systemVMs to use the latest code.

Reviewer: @Pearl1594 can you explain in some more detail what is covered in the "zero downtime" and what isn't, esp in the context of CPVM and VRs.

.. sub-section included in upgrade notes.

> .. note::

Reviewer 2: This is now very long for a note :)

   When one attempts to live-patch the system VMs, it pretty much mimics the patching process
   that happens when booting up the System VMs but with having to shut down the system VMs. 
   This will update the software packages, which were previously bundled in the systemvm.iso i.e., 
   agent.zip and cloud-scripts.tgz and restart the services that are present in the /var/cache/cloud/enabled_svcs file
   in the system VMs. This would mean the following services would be restarted:

            +-----------------+---------------------------+
            | System VM       |         Services          |
            +-----------------+---------------------------+
            | SSVM            | cloud, apache2, portmap   |
            +-----------------+---------------------------+
            | CPVM            | cloud                     |
            +-----------------+---------------------------+
            | VRs             | haproxy, apache2, dnsmasq |
            +-----------------+---------------------------+

   Also, with respect to VRs, a network restart without cleanup is initiated to ensure all rules
   are re-applied. 

>    **NOTE:** In case there is an absolute need to upgrade the system VM template due to availability of

Reviewer 2: Could apply ..note in this case
